[Music]
well I think we're all flawed and that's
the beauty of who you are and instead of
trying to make yourself perfect in every
area it's so much easier when you accept
the things that you're terrible or at or
better your weaknesses or that are the
things about your wiring look if I were
diabetic I would take insulin I happen
to be somebody that's wired for anxiety
no big deal to figure out how to instead
of fighting those things actually
tricking because the truth is that
you're never going to feel ready to make
these changes you're never going to feel
like doing them but you can always make
a decision that's always in your control
staying with somebody to treat you like
garbage is a decision it is staying at a
job that you hate is a decision staying
in the body that you are not proud of is
a decision is it going to be easy and
it's not gonna be easy to change it's
simple
do a google search and then use the
five-second rule to force yourself to do
that stuff change comes down to five
second decisions and this is why the
five-second rule is important for
everybody to know it's your job to push
yourself and I don't care if you're dr.
Martin Luther King jr. or your
Michelangelo or your lin-manuel Miranda
who wrote Hamilton you will struggle
with self-doubt and everybody that you
admire everybody and the list is the
same for you Oprah Winfrey and I want to
be like you know Tom and I want to be
like guy you know Branson and I want to
be like jay-z and I want like
everybody's listed as a Bill Gates and
do you know what those people doing they
do not have the habit of hesitating they
trust themselves
you
[Music]